Update docs (#43)
toggl/ios: README.md

- **App State** The single source of truth for the whole app. This will be almost empty when the application start and will be filled after every action. This won't contain any derived state (meaning any state that can be calculated from any other state). This won't be a copy of the DB, it doesn't have to necessarily contain everything in the DB all the time and also, it'll include other stuff not in the DB (like the current route or a flag indicating if the app is in the background, for example). Basically you have to ask yourself what do you need to store here so you can restart the app in the exact same place as it was before shutting it down (even if we are never going to need that)
- **Reducers** Reducers are pure functions that take the state and an action and produce a new state. Simple as that. In our case they also take the environment (just the part they need) and optionally result in an array of Effects that will asynchronously dispatch further actions. All business logic should reside in them.

> - **Effects** As mentioned, Reducers optionally produce these after handling an action. They are just singles, as in observables that emit just one more action. Those observables are subscribed to in the store and the emitted action will be dispatched again. These are use as a way to handle asynchronous actions. All the effects emitted from a reducer will be batched, meaning the state change will only be emitted once all actions are dispatched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Effects** As mentioned, Reducers optionally produce these after handling an action. They are just singles, as in observables that emit just one or no action. Those observables are subscribed to in the store and the emitted action will be dispatched again. These are use as a way to handle asynchronous actions. All the effects emitted from a reducer will be batched, meaning the state change will only be emitted once all actions are dispatched.
```

It takes an array of actions and executes all of them before emitting the new state. It's worth noting that the state itself will update, so every action will get the updated state, but it won't be emitted outside of the store until all of them are done.

```swift
store.batch([.start, .load])
```

## Reducers & Effects

Reducers are functions with this shape:

```swift
(inout StateType, ActionType) -> [Effect<ActionType>]
```

The idea is they take the state and an action and modify the state depending on the action and its payload.

Reducers are usually constructed with part of the `Environment` which will contain all the dependencies they need to do their tasks (Repository, API, Keychain...).

> In order to dispatch actions asynchronously we will use `Effects`. Reducers return an array of `Effects` which is an single of action. The store subscribes to those effects and dispatches whatever actions they emit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to dispatch actions asynchronously we will use `Effects`. Reducers return an array of `Effects` which is a `Single<Action>`. The store subscribes to those effects and dispatches whatever action they emit, if any.
```
